Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Ya'll ready?
We've reached the last duel
of the first round!
Give it up for that brooding
bad boy, Shay Obsidian!
And his red‐headed rival,
Dennis MacField!
Let's duel!
Time to learn
who you really are!
Witness the assent of
Raidraptor ‐ Revolution Falcon!
Take out Trapeze Magician!
Ravaging Rebellion!
Shay's not treating this
like a duel.
He's battling
like it's an all‐out war!
It's time for the real Dennis
to now be revealed!
Is this what you
wanted to see?
Polymerization...
I knew it!
Only duelists from a certain
dimension use that card!
Now that the cat's out of
the bag,
I can hit you
with everything I've got!
I Fusion Summon...
The ground shaking
Chaos Ancient Gear Giant!
I knew you were from
the Fusion Dimension!
You have someone from the Fusion
Dimension on your team?
I thought you were
fighting against them.
It's true we were deceived,
but at least the enemy agent
has finally been revealed.
Of course, there could be a
traitor on your side as well.
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
This duel's taking more
twists and turns
than the Galloping
Gulch river!
And now Shay's saying that
Dennis is from some place
called the Fusion
Dimension!
From Fusion...
Could it be true?
I am also convinced
there is someone
from the Fusion Dimension
who has infiltrated
the upper echelons of your city.
You certainly seem
sure of yourself, Declan.
It's as if you've
already identified
who the individual is.
I have my suspicions,
as I'm sure you do as well.
(throat clearing)
How interesting...
But I suggest we return our
attention to the Friendship Cup.
Aren't you curious to see
how your Lancer
deals with this
sudden turn of events?
Shay has plenty of fight
left in him..
An' plenty of
life points, too!
He and his Revolution Falcon
look like they're ready
to swoop in fly
off with a win!
But they'll have to be
at the top of their games
to lock gears with
Dennis's Gear Giant!
Just look at the size
of that feller!
Why, next to him, Shay's
Falcon looks more like a
canary!
Thanks to you,
I can now let loose
since I have nothing
left to hide!
Bring it!
♪
By the time I'm done
with your Gear Giant,
it'll be a giant heap of junk!
Is that what you said
right before our Giants
bulldozed their way through
your hometown?
That's it!
You asked for this!
I'm activating the traps
Raidraptor ‐ Chain Lock
and Raidraptor ‐ Reactor!
Since your Chaos Ancient Gear
Giant has more attack points
than my Raidraptor
‐ Revolution Falcon,
Chain Lock switches it into
defense mode!
And when a monster changes
battle mode, Raidraptor Reactor
destroys your Giant
and deals you damage
equal to its attack points!
Shay's moves will zero out
Dennis's life points!
And send him
riding off into the sunset!
Toppling my Giant
will be harder than you think!
It's not affected by any spells
or traps you use against it!
(Melissa)
Whew!
For a second there,
I thought I was a goner!
Better stay on your toes,
folks!
This duel's turning
downright dangerous!
I can't believe Dennis
is from Duel Academy.
Messing with a Giant
is always a bad idea!
It's gonna snatch your Falcon
out of the sky
like it's a measly little fly!
Shay's traps didn't slow that
Chaos Giant down one iota!
He better think of something
lickety‐split
or it's adios for
him and his Falcon!
Your Chaos Giant
isn't the unstoppable
war machine that you
think it is!
My Falcon will use its special
ability to change its attack
and defense points to zero
and render it totally harmless!
Nice try!
But when Chaos Giant attacks,
it negates all of your monster's
special abilities!
Terrific.
(Dennis)Say Shay, all this
destruction remind you of
anything?
Looks like you're about
to get thrashed
just like all
your friends from back home!
Nothing like a blast from
the past... am I right?
(Shay)
The day those
war machines attacked
was the worst day
of my life.
They were relentless...
destroying everything
in their path.
Our homes,
reduced to rubble.
But we wouldn't give up.
We stood our ground...
friends fighting
side by side.
Yuto...
(gasping throughout)
I can feel what Yuto
went through...
All that devastation...
It's horrible.
Once my Giant's through
playing around with your Dragon,
the rest of your life points
will be liquidated,
terminating this duel!
It's been real, Shay.
Adios!
(Mellisa)
This duel's done!
Huh?
What's this?
I used a special ability...
I was able to summon
Raidraptor ‐ Force Strix
and decrease the amount
of damage I took.
For each spell
and trap on my field,
I was able to lower
the damage by 100.
My, my, my...
NNIt looked like it
wascurtains for 'ol Shay,
NNbut he's still
hanging onby a thread!
You may have a lot more
fight than most of your people,
but against my Chaos Giant,
it won't matter!
Your Raidraptor can't avoid
its devastating power!
Say bye‐bye to your birdie!
You'd be wise to quit,
but "wise" isn't exactly
in your repertoire.
I'm wise enough to know
that you're a lowdown snake.
And also wise enough to know
I can't back down...
until you crawl back in
the hole where you came from!
That's the spirit, Shay!
Never cave in!
You didn't get to be the top
of your class by giving up,
am I right?
What did you say!?
Oh, I know a lot
about your past.
You and I have a very
special someone in common.
Yep...
I bet you didn't know that I was
in Heartland for months
before the invasion,
looking for a certain girl.
This is gonna be snaptastic!
But before I blow your minds,
I'll first need a volunteer
from the audience
to hop up here and join me!
Yeehaw!
(Dennis)
Trapeze Magician's picked you!
I'd be deeply honored
if you would assist me
in a little vanishing act
I've been working on.
I came to the Xyz Dimension
on a mission,
looking for a special someone.
And one day I found her.
And at that point, the time for
fun and games was over
because once I
located my target,
my mission had to commence
full force.
Nice of you
to drop in, Yuri.
So, where's my prize?
That way.
She's holed up
in the stadium?
That's right.
She and the rest
of the resistance.
There she is.
The one with the bracelet
on her wrist.
Hi.
You take it from here.
She's a good girl,
so would you please promise me
that you'll take it easy
on her, okay?
I make no such promise...
Hopefully she puts up
a little struggle.
I always love a challenge.
Nowhere left to run.
What a shame.
I enjoy a good game
of hide and seek...
Good, you're putting up
a fight.
If you beat me,
you can keep running.
But if I win, you'll have to
come along quietly.
(laughing)
Or not.
The girl's name...
was Lulu.
Lulu?
Your wittle baby sister.
(gasping)
Surprise!
You abducted Lulu?
Eh, only indirectly...
If they touch
a hair on her head
you're gonna wish you never
picked up a duel disk!
I'm out of the loop
as far as she's concerned.
But if you're stressed about
your sis why don't you just head
to Fusion now and rescue her
from Duel Academy?
You'd better get going!
The minutes
are ticking away.
If you delay too long,
it may be too late to save her.
Oh, I will!
But not before I crush you
and make you pay
for taking my sister away!
It's time to feel
the pain of my people!
This won't take long...
I promise!
I activate the spell card
Rank‐Up‐Magic Soul Shave Force!
I give up half my life points...
and summon Revolution Falcon
from my graveyard!
Then I use it
to build the Overlay Network!
You Fusion Warriors built
the ultimate war machine...
So I'll take it down using an
ultimate monster of my own!
Go Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
You're cleared
for takeoff...
Raidraptor ‐ Satellite
Cannon Falcon!
(Melissa)
Thundering bullfrogs!
Shay started out
empty‐handed, but now he's got a
monster
no one would want
to wrestle with!
You and your Academy cronies
hunted down my friends
and then sealed
them all inside cards!
This duel is my chance
to finally avenge them...
by taking you down
once and for all!
I activate Cannon Falcon's
special ability!
Once per turn my Raidraptor ‐
Satellite Cannon Falcon
can use an Overlay Unit
to weaken
your Chaos Ancient Gear Giant.
Sorry, not impressed!
Losing 800 attack points
for every Raidraptor in my
graveyard isn't impressive?
There are five Raid Raptors
in my graveyard!
Now...
Satellite Cannon Falcon,
get set to strike!
Fire one!
This is for my friends
whose souls you took!
I can't make you feel
the fear my friends felt,
but I'll do my best!
Fire two!
This is for Lulu!
Cowards like you,
who hide behind lies
and feed on the weak, will pay!
Grr...
Fire three!
Feel my fury!
This'll cool your Cannon!
(Melissa)
That Action Card was his,
if it weren't for that
speed bump.
And this next blast
is for my best friend, Yuto!
He detested you Fusion Warrior
lowlifes with a passion
greater than mine!
So much hatred...
Fire four, for Yuto!
He'll never
hurt us again.
I...
get it, but...
But dueling...
to get... revenge...
on your enemies...
It is not
the answer.
I couldn't get the Action Card
the first time,
but the second time's the charm.
Huh?
Ahh!
Ahhhhhhh!
(Melissa)
Well, hang me up to dry!
Looks like Dennis drew
the short straw again!
Missed it!
These potholes are
wreaking havoc on my game,
if I drive over one more bump
I'm going to lose my mind!
No matter how much
I make you suffer,
it won't make up for
all of the pain you caused,
but at least I'll get
to reap my revenge!
No, Shay!
Back off!
Number five, fire!
And now...
Cannon Falcon,
attack and take out Dennis!
(Melissa)
I've seen some high‐flying
monsters in my day,
but this one
takes the ranch!
No wonder it's called
a Satellite Cannon!
It's heading straight out
of the stratosphere...
What is it gonna do?
Dennis, you had your fun,
capturing my sister,
playing with
the lives of my friends!
Well, no more!
A new day is rising and with it
will come your downfall!
(Melissa)
Oh, my!
Shay's new monster is
certainly a sight to
behold...
In fact,
I think the entire planet
is getting a look see
at its magnificence!
And I'm betting Dennis is
about to get an eyeful of
skyfull
when this monster
fires up its fury!
For all the victims
you hunted down...
this is payback!
Go Vengeful Vengeance!
(screaming)
(cheering)
You win, Shay.
Can we call it even?
I don't like bikes anymore.
It's Shay that
wins the day!
Boy, oh, boy!
What a rooting
tooting finish
for the first round
of the Friendship Cup!
(whimpering)
It certainly was
a great duel,
but who's gonna
clean it all up?
Not me!
Now I'm gonna do to you
what you did to all my friends.
Hope you enjoy living the rest
of your life inside a card.
Why won't my Duel Disk
turn you into a card?
Declan!
He sabotaged my Disk!
I want Dennis MacField
taken into custody at once.
Cool it!
Hey, lemme go!
The Professor must have sent
Dennis to capture me as well.
So if Duel Academy captured
both Lulu, and Rin...
They must want me
and Celina as well.
But what do they want with us?
Where are you going?
To speak
with Dennis.
I have...questions.
Or maybe you don't want me
to find the answers?
(man)
The situation
is extremely delicate.
(man 2)
You must understand that our
city is on the brink of chaos.
(woman)
Unfortunately, we cannot allow
you to take any action
that might lead
to further disorder.
(man 3)
It is a matter
of public safety.
Isn't that right, Presider?
Indeed.
We simply cannot afford
any disturbance,
especially one that might draw
us into an interdimensional war.
I'm sure you understand, Declan.
Wow...
I sensed a lot of anger
within Yuto,
but he's the one who told me
to keep dueltaining
to bring joy to the world.
Because he knew that even with
all his anger,
he wanted to change
for the better and that revenge
wasn't the right way
to solve our problems.
And Yuto was right.
There has to be another way!
I have to find some way
to stop this war
and bring all
the dimensions together!
And I'm gonna find it!